geninfo_1;The Golisano College is a premier institute where many advanced computing concepts are explored daily in a wide variety of disciplines, from the medical, to the educational, to the just plain cool. I myself am the product of the tireless effort of several very talented individuals working in tandem. Golisano offers courses in computer science, computing security, information sciences and tech, software engineering, game design and development, as well as a doctorate in computing and information sciences. It also has a very nice deli!
geninfo_2;Opened in 2003, the facility of Golisano has a square footage value of about a hundred and twenty five thousand. It is a very busy place—I hope I don’t run into anyone as I give the tour! In addition to the large amount of students on campus during the fall and spring semesters, some students go on co-ops with companies such as Google, IBM, and many other corporations large and small. These paid positions allows students a change of pace from the rigors of schoolwork, and the experience greatly benefits them after graduation.
deptinfo_1;The main mission of the Computer Science department at Golisano is to provide a balance of practical and theoretical knowledge. To fit this purpose, each foundational CS course is taught in a different computing language, such as C, Java, or Python. Computer science majors are required to go on three co-ops: One in the summer, and two semester co-ops. This variety of required experience illustrates the Institute's goal to foster well-rounded students.
deptinfo_2;The goal of the Computing Security department, also known as the CSec department, is to provide a practical education concerning the methods people use to store data as well as the means to protect said data from damage or theft. Students are given hands-on work in an active learning approach, and are also able to choose a specialization after taking foundational courses. As securing the data of the world becomes an ever more important and difficult task, RIT prepares students to address security risks and breaches of enormous gravity.
deptinfo_3;The Information Sciences and Technologies department, also known as IST, focuses primarily on the ever-critical task of delivering information from server to servee. RIT was the first to offer such a program in the United States, and its graduates develop products in a variety of fields.
deptinfo_4;The School of Interactive Games and Media, also known as IGM, focuses on utilizing technology to deliver an experience. This experience may be entertaining, thought-provoking, or both, or even something else, but at IGM a student learns to take the full breadth of options technology offers as a means of communication and use them to the greatest effect.
deptinfo_5;The Department of Software Engineering teaches students how to  develop large programs as a team effort that demonstrate qualities, such as efficiency and reliability, that are expected of a professional-grade product. The main idea of this program is that no large feat may be accomplished alone, and communication as a group is essential to success.
dean;The Dean of Golisano is a woman by the name of Dr. Anne R. Haake. Her primary field relates to the interfacing of humans and computers and biomedical informatics. Regarding the latter, she is currently the director of the Human-Centric Multimodal Modeling Lab. She holds a doctorate in developmental biology and has considerable experience in the fields of research and education alike.